README.md, before:

# Apple_Case_Study

SDM CASE STUDY INSTRUCTIONS --  Product Analysis

The attached file contains hypothetical historical sales data for a product for 4 different cities, from 2015-2023

Instructions

Based on this data, please put together a few slides (max of 4) that address the following questions:

1)  The product sells for $250. At times, however, the product has been discounted to drive sales. Which city had the most significant price discount and when did this occur?

Create a discount feature? and use it in the forecast?

2)  Provide a projection for overall unit sales and revenue for 2024, by city and by month.  Assume no discounts occur.

3)  Are there any other pieces of information you are interested in obtaining, if available, for your forecast?  How would you plan to incorporate this information in your analysis?

consumer fear and greed on economy index and market etc.

4)  Assume in 2024 you only have 1M units of new supply available to allocate across the 4 cities.  What volume would you allocate for each city (annual total only) and what is your reasoning?

NOTE: Please be prepared to walk through your methodology & calculations.  Please include in an appendix supporting slides that will help provide details of your analysis.

Commit message:

Update README.md with consumer sentiment changes and allocation strategy for 2024

README.md, after:

# Apple_Case_Study

SDM CASE STUDY INSTRUCTIONS --  Product Analysis

The attached file contains hypothetical historical sales data for a product for 4 different cities, from 2015-2023

Instructions

Based on this data, please put together a few slides (max of 4) that address the following questions:

1)  The product sells for $250. At times, however, the product has been discounted to drive sales. Which city had the most significant price discount and when did this occur?

Create a discount feature? and use it in the forecast?

2)  Provide a projection for overall unit sales and revenue for 2024, by city and by month.  Assume no discounts occur.

3)  Are there any other pieces of information you are interested in obtaining, if available, for your forecast?  How would you plan to incorporate this information in your analysis?

consumer sentiment fear and greed on economy index and market etc.

4)  Assume in 2024 you only have 1M units of new supply available to allocate across the 4 cities.  What volume would you allocate for each city (annual total only) and what is your reasoning?

-- Will use the no discount based forecast to accomodate the 1M units.

-- Can also see if there can be more profit squeezed by the discount vs units sold allocation.

NOTE: Please be prepared to walk through your methodology & calculations.  Please include in an appendix supporting slides that will help provide details of your analysis.
